point number two he fellowships he
fellowshipped think about this he
literally walks into the room where´s
always and here's the first words that
come out of his mouth brother saw when
you are empowered by the holy spirit to
be one of his heroes you turn foes into
friends think about this after
everything he knew about Saul maybe he
had locked up one of his friends maybe
he locked up somebody that that that
Ananias knew he literally calls him
brother knowing about his past knowing
about his current situation he doesn't
manipulate him he doesn't talk down to
him he receives him as a brother
we need more hidden heroes to step into
the forefront and tell people who we
know everything about you're my brother
you're my sister I know about your past
but I can tell you about your future God
wants to change your present he calls
him friend
he says you're my friend and he said I
I've come in here to lay my hands on you
so that you can regain your sight and be
all that God has called you to be and
Ananias this this hidden hero who is the
guy lays hands on Saul the man is gonna
be the greatest apostle that we know
about in Scripture he lays hands on the
man and as he prays for him the Bible
says that he is filled with the Holy
Spirit and something like scales pop out
of his eyes which brings me to point
number three he facilitated this man is
in Scripture we don't have all of these
bragging rights he doesn't have
handkerchiefs that heal people his
shadow doesn't heal people but he
carries around the same power that the
Apostles did proving that you don't have
to be an apostle prophet evangelist
pastor a teacher a missionary all you
have to do is be infused with faith and
as you are you have the capacity to do
everything that every other hero did in
Scripture if you are following his voice
this is why I'm so excited about a month
ago when pastor Robert wrapped up his
series on words and about 4,500 people
or more came down to be filled with the
holy spirit what God was doing was
unleashing heroes in their full
potential to go out and be used at
Kroger and at Central Market and at
Mom's classes and at exercise gyms and
at your cubicle at any given time he
wants to turn what is hidden into the
forefront and make you a hero in
somebody's life and we need more heroes
that don't need credit we need more
heroes that say I don't even need the
credit for this you can be great and a
nice doesn't sit back and build a
ministry off of what happened through
him for Paul you hear about that guy
Paul that was me oh yeah no no he was a
killer in Stepford it's not when I saw
him he was all blind and stuff couldn't
even see and I laid my hands on him that
was rough that was me no no pride
prevents humility heals he walked into
that moment he said it's not even about
me
I just want to facilitate the power of
the Holy Spirit in your life for you to
do incredible things I'm nobody but I am
a facilitator and there's power in me
that he wants to transfer to you and all
the people he chose to use he just chose
to use me what I love about this
particular individual is that Ananias
represents all of us we are all and a
nice we may not all be Peter we may not
all be Paul we may not all be John the
Baptist we may not all be David we can't
be Ruth we can't be anybody else that
we've talked about but we can all be
is because we are by definition we are
Saul's name in Hebrew literally means
asked of God that's what his name means
asked of God and Ananias name is Greek
for the Hebrew word Han Aeneas
it's the same word Han Aeneas and an
Isis the same word same name Ananias
name in Greek and Hebrew Han Aeneas his
name literally means God has dealt
graciously or Yahweh has dealt
graciously with me do you think it's a
coincidence that the one that is asked
of God is met by the one he's dealt
graciously with anytime God wants to woo
the heart of someone he's asking for he
always sends someone that he's dealt
graciously with and when they meet
scales come out of his eyes sight is
restored an appetite comes back he eats
he is strengthened and he becomes the
hero that we know today but behind every
hero is a hero that no one ever knows
about we are heroes you are a hero it
may be to your husband it may be to your
wife it may be to your children it may
be to your coworkers it may be to your
colleagues friends and even your foes
but on any given day at any given moment
God may call you to follow his voice and
fellowship with your foes and facilitate
the type of power that causes them to
become your friends we are God's hidden
heroes
which you bow your heads and close your
eyes and what is the holy spirit saying
to you through this message for some as
you some of you this message has been an
incredible confirmation for others it
may have been incredible conviction but
the wonderful thing about either/or is
that he gives you an opportunity to
respond and in a moment we're going to
pray and if you need prayer for any
reason we will have altar ministry
workers down at the front that would
love to pray with you you may be Ananias
someone that God has dealt graciously
with and you just need a little more
boldness or you maybe saw disconnected
the one that he is asking for no matter
which one you are he gives you an
opportunity to respond
and so at all campuses in just a moment
no matter where you are if you're at
Frisco if you're at NRH we want you to
come I know you could sit in your seat
and you could just pray and reflect but
we want you to take a bold step and
follow God's voice and come down get
prayer for whatever you need it for
don't let pride get in the way don't let
arrogance get in the way don't let fear
get in the way just just respond and I
believe that he will meet you at your
point of need Holy Spirit I pray that
you would call every person under the
sound of your voice to respond to your
message and be the heroes that you've
anointed us to be in Jesus name